# ChiliPrepper, the hottest teaching assistant 
The project’s purpose was to provide a software solution using automation, in order to solve some of the most common problems facing university educators. The development process, which consisted of an exploration phase, an initialization phase, a productionize phase divided into four cores, a stabilize phase and a finalize phase, lasted about three months. The bulk of the project was spent on the productionize phase, whereas the other phases were used to research the problem domain and the technologies we were using, in addition to finalize the system. 
  During the exploration phase, we uncovered central problems within the domain regarding lack of student preparation and feedback. Our solution to these problems was developing a system which motivates users to prepare for lectures, in order to accumulate points over time in courses by participating in quizzes. Both the participants and the creators of quizzes receive automatic feedback, respectively regarding their own performance in the quizzes and which questions the participants are struggling with. The SEMAT (Software Engineering and Theory) framework was used to create our Way of Working. 
  The project resulted in a developed system with all planned functional requirements integrated. Through the project, we have among others acquired knowledge, as well as practical experience exploring the problem domain, planning the project, creating our own working, in addition to designing, programming and testing the system.
